The problem is that in the actions I'm dispatching here, for example update ingredient, I'm referring
to the this editedItemIndex.
Now I do have this property here but I'm not setting it when we start editing.
Now two solutions,
we could of course set this editedItemIndex equal to state data and then use the editedIngredient
index we stored in there
and if we do that, deleting works and updating works as well
and now our data also stays the way it is.
So now this works
but of course this is a bit redundant because we're extracting data from the store which we then need
in the store again to update our data, just to manage it in a component.
So we could get rid of the editedItemIndex here altogether and also remove it in the places where
we pass that information because if you think about it, we already know which data we manage in the store
or which data we're currently editing.
We're already managing this in our @ngrx/store,
we do have the editedIngredientIndex in there. So we don't need to receive these as arguments and hence
we can change our actions a little bit. For updating and deleting,
I don't really need the index anymore,
we could still get it but we don't need it,
instead we could say for updating our payload, just is the ingredient because that's all we need,
we already know which item we're editing and for deleting, I need no data at all because I already
know which item we're editing because we're starting the edit process with the help of NgRx. So with
these changed actions in the reducer, we of course also need to change our logic, for updating
our payload
now is the ingredient,
so we don't access .ingredient but just action.payload.
When we need the index, we just use the state editedIngredientIndex, the same down there, it's not part
of our action anymore, it's already stored in the state
and the same for deleting, there we also compare our index to the state editedIngredientIndex. Now one
tiny addition we should therefore also make here is when we do update or delete,
we of course also stop the editing process, right and hence it would make sense to then also set edited
ingredient index to minus one here and set editedIngredient to null,
so to reset our ingredient or our editedIngredient data here for updating and for deleting because
these two actions also stop the editing process. Now in the shopping list component here,
that also means that for updating, we just forward the new ingredient,
it's not part of an object, not the value of some property in an object, instead update ingredient takes
now just the ingredient as a payload. And with all of that,
again if I edit this, it works just fine
but now we update this correctly behind the scenes and we have a little bit of a leaner code where we
don't manage too much redundant data in our shopping-edit component.